# Sublime Text 2 Rails snippets

The repo aims to replace the default Rails snippets from Sublime Text 2 and make it useful for Ruby ~> 1.9 and Rails ~> 3.1. All the snippets can be found in [this cheatsheet](http://tadast.github.com/sublime-rails-snippets) generated by [Snipcheat](https://github.com/tadast/snipcheat).

# Installation

## Backup

:warning: This package replaces the default Sublime Rails snippets. If you work on Rails 2 and ruby 1.8 more often than not, perhaps you shouldn't update :warning:

Regardless of which way of installation you choose, please backup the old Rails snippets directory. You don't want to have both this and the original snippets installed.

```bash
➜ cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 2/Packages
➜ mv Rails ~/.RailsSublimeBackup
```

## From Git (Recommended)

```bash
➜ cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 2/Packages
➜ git clone https://github.com/tadast/sublime-rails-snippets.git Rails
```

It is important to clone it into a folder called Rails. Some Sublime plugins have hardcoded dependencies pointing to that path. See troubleshooting.

## From an archive

* Download [the zip archive](https://github.com/tadast/sublime-rails-snippets/archive/master.zip)
* Extract it to your `Packages/Rails`

## From Package Control

Look for "Ruby on Rails snippets". [Here's how to install packages](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control/usage)

### Housekeeping

:warning: You will need to do some housekeeping after installing it from Package Control.
First of all, remove the original Rails directory (see [Backup](#backup)).
Then quit Sublime and delete Sublime's session cache.

```bash
rm ~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 2/Settings/Session.sublime_session
```

This will lose all session data (Sublime will 'forget' open filetabs, projects, search history etc.)

### Troubleshooting

#### Can't find *.tmLanguage

If Sublime complains it can't find `Ruby on Rails.tmLanguage`, chances are you are using [this hack](https://gist.github.com/925008).

You'll need to change the path where it looks for that file. Here's the [forked version which works with this plugin](https://gist.github.com/4161901).

You may also need to change `Packages/(DetectSyntax|User)/DetectSyntax.sublime-settings` to replace/include this rule

```json
{
  "name": "Ruby on Rails snippets/Ruby Haml",
  "rules": [
    {"file_name": ".*\\.haml$"}
  ]
},
{
  "name": "Ruby on Rails snippets/Ruby on Rails",
  "rules": [
    {"function": {"name": "is_rails_file"}}
  ]
}
```

`Ruby on Rails snippets` is a default instalation directory for Package Control.
If you installed in a different directory, change the path accordingly

#### Sublime picks Ruby syntax

You may need to tell Sublime to prefer Rails
`View -> Syntax -> Open all with current extension as...` and pick `Rails` of Ruby on Rails snippets


# How to contribute

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch for each group of snippet changes that could be merged individually (`git checkout -b my-new-snippet`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some snippet [tab_trigger]'`)
4. Commit messages should start with a verb in present simple tense and have all affected tab triggers in square brackets e.g. "Add a snippets for partial rendering [rpc, rpo]"
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-snippet`)
6. Create new Pull Request